doc: add info about wav2vec2 bert in older wav2vec2 models. (#31120)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/en/model_doc/wav2vec2-conformer.md

This model was contributed by [patrickvonplaten](https://huggingface.co/patrickvonplaten).
The original code can be found [here](https://github.com/pytorch/fairseq/tree/main/examples/wav2vec).

> Note: Meta (FAIR) released a new version of [Wav2Vec2-BERT 2.0](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/en/model_doc/wav2vec2-bert) - it's pretrained on 4.5M hours of audio. We specially recommend using it for fine-tuning tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: Meta (FAIR) released a new version of [Wav2Vec2-BERT 2.0](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/en/model_doc/wav2vec2-bert) - it's pretrained on 4.5M hours of audio. We especially recommend using it for fine-tuning tasks, e.g. as per [this guide](https://huggingface.co/blog/fine-tune-w2v2-bert).
```

Author: Brilliant suggestion! Added it!
